Update `README.md` with translations project link (#687)
arduino/arduino-ide: README.md

This repository contains the main code, but two more repositories are included during the build process:

- [vscode-arduino-tools](https://github.com/arduino/vscode-arduino-tools): provides support for the language server and the debugger
- [arduino-language-server](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-language-server): provides the language server that parses Arduino code

See the [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) for a technical overview of the application and instructions for building the code.

> You could also help us having Arduino IDE 2.0 in your language, joining [our translation project inside Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/arduino-1/ide2/dashboard/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can help with the translation of the Arduino IDE to your language here: [Arduino IDE on Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/arduino-1/ide2/dashboard/).
```
Improve wording.
